Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're cooking.
This must be a dream or perhaps
a nightmare.
I choose to take
the higher ground
and ignore that.
Breakfast is served.
These are my patented
special pancakes
that I make for Alexis.
Well, not so special.
I learned how to prepare it
for her this past year.
Oh.
So the student becomes...
the failed student,
the dropout.
You fed her this?
Mother...
you are forever forbidden
from practicing the art
of pan-Cake-Do.
Where did I go wrong?
Where do I begin?
But Alexis isn't even here.
Why are you making these?
You miss her.
Ohh.
Well, don't you?
Yes, of course I do.
But Columbia's just
a cab ride away.
Oh, she was the center
of our lives for so long,
and now she's just...
gone?
Right now is just Alexis' time
to make her own way
in the world.
But she'll be back.
Like Simba in "The Lion King,"
it's the circle of life.
Oh, Darling.
You seem to have adopted
a real zen-Like attitude
about all this, Castle.
Well, I realized I've been
a little overprotective
of Alexis at times.
Okay, constantly.
But since she's left
for Columbia,
I've learned to let go.
I've stopped checking
her video blog.
I don't ask to meet
her boyfriend anymore.
I've come to realize that,
like a bird,
Alexis needed
to leave the nest.
So I let her fly...
I turned around
and I Strode away.
That's acceptance.
But wouldn't acceptance be
letting her go,
seeing where she flies,
and then being okay with it?
Yeah, but I wouldn't be
okay with that.
I don't want
to see where she goes,
what other birds of prey
are out there
and what other nests are...
So is that acceptance
or denial?
Well, it was acceptance
till you started applying
your fiendish logic.
How about you guys apply
some fiendish logic to this?
Meet Hasim Farouk.
Man versus van
at 1:00 A.M. Last night.
He was killed instantly.
Knocked right out of his shoes
at the point of impact.
So a hit and run.
Well, that's just
the tip of the iceberg.
A witness, homeless guy,
said that
the victim emptied his gun
at the van
and just stood in the middle
of the street shooting
right until it hit him.
Why would he do that?
I don't know.
But he definitely knew
his way around guns. Janey.
This is a Sig P-220-S
with a weight compensator,
target sights,
and a custom-molded grip
to his hand.
This was a serious shooter.
What else do we know about him?
Well, Hasim Farouk
is a Saudi national
living here as a student.
Majoring in what,
urban warfare?
Uh, undeclared, actually,
up at Columbia.
So what was he doing
in lower Manhattan?
More importantly...
What is Columbia doing
admitting gun-toting
lunatics
and are there any more of them?
For the record, I'm not
calling to check on Alexis.
I'm just checking my e-Mail.
Acceptance.
Have tech search
traffic cam footage
for any video of that van,
and let's look into
Hasim Farouk's life.
See if he had any enemies.
Well, it looks like
he had at least one.
Assault charges were filed
against him two days ago
by one Bram Stoker.
Bram Stoker, author of
"Dracula," died in 1912?
Uh, if it's him,
I'd say he's immortal.
Excuse me.
Bram Stoker?
Yeah.
Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
And might I say
how youthful you look?
Witty.
Never heard that before.
I've never heard of anyone
named Bram Stoker before
except Bram Stoker.
Apparently,
he's a distant relative,
and both my parents
are English scholars.
They thought it'd be cute.
It wasn't.
So what is this about?
The late Hasim Farouk.
The late?
He's dead?
Yes, he was murdered
the day after you filed
an assault charge against him.
Well, I certainly
did not kill him.
I filed those charges
to protect myself.
From what?
Hasim was a student of mine.
I'm a T.A. For a seminar
on Joyce.
What was the problem
with the two of you?
I didn't think that
there was one.
And then three days ago,
he confronts me after class.
Starts accusing me
of being...
overly familiar
with some female students.
Said if I didn't stop,
he'd kill me.
For harassing those women?
No, I was not harassing them.
I... I might flirt
with students on occasion.
But believe me,
it was never unwelcome.
Ladies are kind of digging
on vampires right now.
My name is Bram Stoker.
For once in my life,
it's working for me.
Maybe Hasim was jealous.
Were any of those students
his girlfriend?
No, I-I don't think
he had a girlfriend
or friends at all,
for that matter.
Okay, well, I'm gonna need
a list of all the girls
that you flirted with.
Look at this building.
Hasim was living large
for a college student.
Yeah, add that
to the list of things
about this dude
that don't add up.
His records say he started
as a freshman at 24.
Now who does that?
A late Bloomer.
Or a Sleeper-Cell terrorist.
Think about it.
Saudi national,
he shot up a van
with a customized Sig.
I'm just saying...
could be a terrorist.
Whoa.
Look at all this gear.
This guy practically has
his own dojo.
Uh... Yeah,
and if his black-Belt skills
didn't get it done,
he always had this.
Wow.
That's not all he's got.
Look. Surveillance gear.
Ooh.
State of the art.
Light-years ahead of anything
the department has.
Yeah.
Who the hell is this guy?
Look, the guns could fit
with terrorism,
But the wiretapping equipment?
Maybe he's a spy.
He's got military training.
It says here he was a commando
in the Saudi special forces.
But then there's this...
25 grand wired to him
every month
from a Swiss bank account.
Whatever he was doing,
he was well funded.
What did his fellow students
have to say?
Well, I talked to most of
the girls
on Bram Stoker's list,
and none of them
noticed Hasim in class
or even know who he was.
It's like the guy
was invisible.
He was hiding in plain sight.
A foreign agent in deep cover
on some kind of
special reconnaissance mission.
So then why would he
shoot up a van?
Maybe Jack Bauer was driving.
Yo. Ryan's hunting through
traffic cam footage
looking for that van.
In the meantime,
things with Hasim
just keeping getting weirder.
Tech went over
that surveillance gear.
It looks like he was using it
to monitor an active bug
installed in some apartment
about a half a mile
from his place.
Whose apartment was it?
According to the lease,
it belonged
to this chick...
Sara El-Masri.
I called and left a message
on her cell phone.
Wait a minute. Sara El-Masri
was one of the students
in the Joyce class.
She was one of the girls
on Bram Stoker's flirt list.
What did she say about Hasim?
I-I couldn't reach her.
I just left a message.
Hey, guys. I got something here
you need to see.
Unfortunately, there were
no traffic or security cams
near the crime scene.
But we did find this footage,
shot down the street
from where Hasim was hit.
That's definitely the van
that took him out.
Front end's all crunched up.
You can see the bullet holes.
Yeah, now watch this.
Wait. Uh...
go back to where she ran out.
Zoom in on her face.
That's Sara El-Masri.
She was abducted.
And Hasim died
trying to stop it.
Whoever this is,
he abducted a girl
and he killed our victim.
So what do we know about him
from the video?
He's a male, late 30s,
no distinguishing scars
or tattoos.
But we sent the footage
over to the FBI to see if
they can run it through their
facial recognition software.
Are they updated
on the abduction?
Yes, and they're sending over
an agent to liaise.
Meanwhile, we're checking
other traffic cams
to see if we can track
where that van went
after Sara tried to escape.
Hasim was surveilling
her apartment
and he was nearby
when she was kidnapped.
But why?
What was their relationship?
Well, Sara's roommate's
coming in.
Maybe she has an answer.
There were no phone calls
between them.
It's looking more like
he was stalking her.
Not only did he wiretap
her place,
he was also taking two classes
that she was in.
Maybe it's like
"the conversation."
I'm sorry. I don't...
Francis Ford Coppola.
Gene Hackman. Very underrated.
Thank you.
Um, in it,
a surveillance expert
overhears a plot against
the woman he's bugging.
Maybe Hasim got wind
of the kidnapping,
tried to thwart it,
and paid with his life.
Ah, that still doesn't explain
the guns in his apartment.
True. Gene Hackman did not
possess an arsenal.
So it could be that Hasim
was in on the kidnapping
and it went sideways.
Or he got cold feet.
All right, dig into
his e-Mails and phone records.
Let's see
who he was in touch with.
On it.
So here's what I've dug up
on Sara El-Masri.
She's a sophomore majoring
in Marine biology.
She was born in Cairo to
an uber-Wealthy Egyptian family.
So this could've been
a kidnapping for Ransom.
Where are her parents?
The El-Masris have a place
at the Dakota.
They're on their way in now.
I am sick in my heart.
I-I just...
I just want my daughter back.
And we're doing
everything that we can
to make that happen,
Mr. El-Masri,
along with the FBI.
She's Only 20 years old,
a child.
Who did this to her?
Well, so far we know that
at least two people
were involved.
The driver and this man.
Does he look familiar to you?
No, not to me. Lina?
No.
I will pay them.
I will pay whatever they ask.
What if that isn't
what they want?
You've made enemies, anwar.
In Egypt, not here.
This is about money.
It is... It's always
about money.
It's also about this man.
Hasim Farouk...
Have you ever seen him?
Yeah, I tried to reach Hasim
when I learned of this.
Perhaps he can help us I...
Wait. You know him?
Sara would not accept
a bodyguard,
so I hired Hasim
to watch over her discreetly.
Where is he?
He died trying to protect her.
Now you hired him
to guard Sara.
Was she receiving threats?
No.
But a man in my...
position...
I-I begged Sara
to be careful,
but she said, "Papa, you...
You worry too much."
She thinks like an American now.
Tr-Trusts like an American.
I will pay anything.
She's my only child.
Please.
Would you excuse us
for a moment?
Detective Beckett,
Mr. Castle,
this is agent Harris.
He'll be running point
on the kidnapping.
Good to meet you.
Detective Ryan brought me
up to speed on things.
How are the El-Masris?
Scared. Devastated.
Okay, that's good.
It is?
It beats angry or defensive.
They want to be helpful
and honest, which is important,
'cause at the end of the day,
it's the accuracy
of our information
that can determine whether
This ends well or badly.
I'll keep you in the loop.
We'll do the same.
So I got Ryan and Esposito
looking into
Sara's movements
from last night.
I figure if we can find out
what she was doing
in lower Manhattan,
that could lead us to
whoever killed Hasim.
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah. I just...
can't imagine what they're
going through right now.
Do you think that This
is really about money?
Did a web search
on El-Masri.
He's worth over $300 million.
Yeah, but still,
who hires an ex-Commando
to babysit their daughter?
I've considered it.
And I don't doubt that,
but did you see
how he shut her down
when she brought up enemies?
He just doesn't want
to believe the worst,
and frankly, I can't blame him.
Hey. So I just interviewed
Sara's roommate Amber.
She wasn't any help with Hasim
or the kidnapping,
but she did say that Sara
went out last night.
Where did she go?
All Amber could remember
is that it was some kind
of science thing.
Okay, I found three
science-Related events
in Lower Manhattan
from last night.
First, a Sci-Fi movie marathon
at an art House theater
eight blocks
from where Hasim got clocked.
Though, by definition,
science fiction
is not science.
It has the word in it.
It's...
That's an excellent point.
What are the other two?
Uh, a stargazing tour led by
an actual astronomer
and a speech from a scientist
named Hayden Posner,
uh, in the ballroom
of the Beaumont hotel.
Dr. Posner... He's an expert
on climate change.
Alexis bought me his book,
which I still haven't read.
And the Beaumont hotel
would explain why Sara
was in lower Manhattan.
And she's
a Marine biology major,
which means she would be
interested in climate change.
Let's go.
Yes, I remember her.
A very lovely young woman.
Sara El-Masri.
Yes, she definitely attended.
I checked her in myself.
Did you notice anything
unusual about her?
No.
After Dr. Posner's presentation,
she stayed for the q&a,
which went rather late,
and then she left.
Any idea where she went?
All I know is that
she exited the ballroom.
I stayed on to set up
for a wedding reception.
Did she speak with anyone?
Just the person she was with.
Who was that?
A young woman.
They sat together.
They seemed to be friends.
But I couldn't tell you
her name.
Do you think you could
describe this woman?
Red hair, uh, pale skin,
uh, also very lovely.
Can I... see that
for a moment?
It's Alexis.
She's on the list.
She was here last night.
Well, maybe she knows her.
Maybe they met at the event.
At the very least, I'm sure
she can help us out.
Mm-hmm.
That's her ringtone.
What's that?
Our lost and found.
In fact, a guest turned in
a phone last night.
They found it
in the street out front.
They took Alexis, too.
Mr. Castle,
we will do everything
in our power
to get your daughter back.
I don't want to be handled.
Just let me know
where things stand.
Let's start with the facts
as we now understand them.
Your daughter attended
last night's event
with Sara El-Masri.
Apparently they met in
an environmental science class
and became friends.
GPS on her phone shows that
it was left outside the hotel
shortly after the event ended.
That plus the fact that no one
has seen or heard from her
in the 16 hours since
leads us to conclude that she,
too, was forced into the van.
Now why would they take Alexis
if Sara was the target?
She was probably
with Sara at the time.
She was a witness.
It would've been easier
to take her
than... not.
So you're saying She was
just in the wrong place
at the wrong time.
It appears that way.
Do you have any suspects?
We have a name.
Facial recognition
gave us an I.D.
on the man in the video.
Roger Henson.
We know him mainly
as a mid-Level
narcotics smuggler.
If we know he's out there,
we can get him.
We can initiate a manhunt.
We're already searching
for Henson
along with
all his known associates.
But he is a career felon.
Finding him won't be easy.
What's a drug smuggler doing
involved in a kidnapping?
We're not sure.
But Roger Henson
is not a shot caller.
He's a middleman, a hired gun.
He may have been hired
to abduct the girls.
What happens now?
We press ahead
on multiple fronts
with a focus on Henson.
Locating him
could crack the case.
We're also creating
contingency plans
for when and if
the kidnappers make contact.
If? What do you mean if?
We know that the El-Masris
are wealthy,
and you told us
Sara was the target.
Mr. El-Masri admitted
he had close ties
with the previous
regime in Egypt.
As a result, he made
some very powerful enemies.
It's possible
his daughter's abduction
was motivated by revenge.
Okay, where does that
leave my daughter?
I mean, if...
if she wasn't the one
they were after
and she's just in the way...
Mr. Castle,
you need to stay positive.
Whatever their motives,
the kidnappers will realize
she has value.
Now what we need to do next
is go to your home
and set up a trap and trace
on your phone lines
so we're ready for their call.
I'll wait for you outside.
Gates will see.
I don't care.
I can't believe
This is happening.
We're gonna find her, Castle.
We will.
You do whatever you need to do
to get him back
his little girl.
Anything you need, detective.
Thank you, sir.
How's he doing?
It's Alexis.
He's gotta be wrecked.
Hell, I'm wrecked.
Yeah, well, we gotta
put all of that aside
and help him find her.
Where are we on the van?
We've been working
the traffic cam footage
and we made some headway.
After the van
left lower Manhattan,
we picked it up
on east river drive,
heading towards
the queens midtown tunnel.
We gotta figure out
where that van went.
Let's bring in some more bodies
to review the footage.
We find the van,
we'll find Alexis.
You'll let us know
if you need anything?
Certainly, sir.
Oh, mother...
I'm sorry.
I am so sorry.
Richard, this is not
your fault.
I don't know.
Maybe if I'd just...
No ifs. Do not
torture yourself with ifs.
The only people to blame
for this
are the ones who took her.
Alexis is
her father's daughter.
She is strong and she is smart
and she is going to
get through this.
Yeah, I know.
No, no, no.
I'm not just saying this.
She's gonna be all right.
I feel it in my heart,
and my heart is never wrong.
What about your first marriage?
Well...
And your second?
Okay, fine, fine.
Occasionally,
my heart is wrong.
But it is not in this case.
I just keep wondering,
how did the kidnappers know
Sara was gonna be
at the Beaumont hotel?
You have Kate Beckett
and the FBI
tracking Alexis down.
Just let them do their job.
And they need for you
to be here.
Okay.
What do you got?
Our van exited
the queens to midtown tunnel...
to greenpoint.
Took greenpoint ave.
To McGuinness...
Then went west on huron.
Then where'd the van go?
Well, we're not sure,
but this area right here,
it's pretty much boxed in
by greenpoint ave...
McGuinness and Franklin.
We check the video
feeds from those streets.
The van went
into that neighborhood,
but never came out.
The girls have to be
somewhere in there...
Along with Henson.
Okay, so how big
is our search zone?
20 square blocks.
Okay, coordinate with the feds
and queens P.D.
We need to do a street by Street
search for that van.
Plainclothes
and unmarked cars only.
So I'm sitting by the Fountain
on the South quad this morning,
sipping my macchiato,
trying to study
for a chem quiz,
and I had this...
I guess it was
another freshman moment.
I'm sure eventually
I'll become jaded and cynical,
But not today.
Today I look around,
and I see beautiful buildings,
I see students who are
just like me
and nothing like me,
and I feel...
Overwhelmed...
with all the possibilities,
with how lucky I am
to be a part of this
and... how there's nowhere on
earth I'd rather be right now.
Now stand by for a geek alert.
Me and my friend Sara
got tickets to go see
Dr. Posner speak
at the Beaumont tonight.
And for those of you
who don't know,
Dr. Posner is one of
the foremost thinkers
on climate change,
a personal hero of mine,
and I can't wait to hear...
You see?
Are you watching?
What he has to say.
Castle, if the kidnappers knew
that Alexis and Sara
were friends...
They did know.
They had to know.
They tracked Sara to the hotel
from this video.
Alexis posted it yesterday
afternoon at 2:36.
The kidnappers must have
accessed her web site.
Okay, I'm contacting tech
right now.
Have them trace
every I.P. Address
that accessed that site
after 2:36 P.M.
Which might take time,
depending on...
What if she doesn't have time?
Castle, listen to me...
Don't.
Don't promise me you'll find her
unless you can do it,
because...
I would never forgive you.
Anymore than I'd ever
forgive myself.
Beckett.
We got something.
What's that? Beckett?
What's going on?
Castle, I gotta go.
I'll call you as soon
as I find something, okay?
Beckett, wait.
Okay, thanks. Yeah, I will.
That was L.T.
From the precinct.
He said all he knows
is that they found the van
parked since last night.
Well, Beckett will call you
as soon as she has some news.
The van's in Greenpoint.
She would've gotten there
over an hour ago.
The only reason
she wouldn't have called...
stop it, Richard.
We... we don't know that.
Oh, Darling,
go to Greenpoint. Go.
Go. I can handle things here.
Hey.
Castle,
what are you doing here?
The precinct told me
that you found the van.
Why the hell
wouldn't you call me?
'Cause we don't know
what this is yet.
Castle, please, you don't need
to see this, okay?
What's in the van?
Castle, just please...
What's in the van?!
Oh, Lanie.
Whose blood is that?
Did someone die in there?
Lanie, did she die in there?
Castle, we don't know, okay?
Not yet.
Lanie just got here.
What is Alexis' blood type?
A-Positive.
Okay, just give me a minute.
Come on.
Let's go over here.
Is it a match?
It's B-negative.
It's not from your baby.
Oh, God. Thank you.
I'm right there
with you, honey.
I gotta go let
Agent Harris know.
So she's safe.
She's here somewhere, right?
She's gotta be
around here somewhere?
She was.
Castle, there was a blood trail
that led from the van,
and it stopped.
We think that the kidnappers
changed cars.
Whose van is it?
It was stolen a week ago.
Any fingerprints?
C.S.U. is looking.
We've got uniforms
canvassing the area.
Castle, listen,
if there is a lead,
we are gonna find it.
Beckett.
I'll be right back. Okay?
Mr. And Mrs. El-Masri, I need to
speak to you for a moment.
We're absolutely positive.
We tested the blood twice
just to be sure.
The blood, it's not from Sara.
And not Alexis either.
Then there's hope.
Yeah.
I-I regret
that your daughter
was drawn into this.
What is it exactly
they've been drawn into?
I wish I knew.
Sara?
Sara, are you okay?
I think.
Where are we?
I don't know.
Wait. The speech.
The hotel.
We left the hotel
and then that guy,
he forced us into a van
and... It's all
a bit of a blur.
I think we were drugged.
We still have our clothes on.
At least that's a good sign.
This is all my fault.
My parents warned me about this
since they first sent me
to boarding school.
They even made me sit through
a lecture on kidnapping
from the head
of corporate security.
Wait. Why would somebody
kidnap you?
My father's crazy rich.
Well, the good news is,
is that he'll pay the Ransom.
I mean, that's what
this must be, right?
Right.
Anyway, my dad will find us.
He works with the police.
I'm sure he's looking for us
right now.
So they'll get us out of here?
I wonder what's in there.
Okay, this is creepy.
Clothes, towels?
At least this means
they want us alive.
See?
They're taking care of us.
That was agent Harris.
A witness saw a black Yukon
leaving Greenpoint
just after the van arrived.
The kidnappers must Have
switched over to the Yukon.
They've had
a 24-Hour head start.
They could be anywhere by now.
Where's c.S.U.
On the blood?
Spatter analysis shows
that it came from the driver.
He was shot by Hasim.
He would've left prints
in the van.
He must be in the system.
No c.S.U. Only found
Roger Henson's prints.
There's no other matches.
We must have
a lead here somewhere.
Maybe we do.
C.S.U. Inspected the van.
Found that a bunch
of performance Tweaks
were done to it...
Octane booster in the tank,
catalytic converter
was bypassed,
the E.C.U. Was re-Chipped
to boost up the horsepower.
Somebody upgraded it
to a getaway car.
Not just somebody.
A real pro.
Probably our driver.
Okay, look for a wheelman
whose m.O. Is
to steal getaway cars
and retune them.
Someone with
b-Negative blood.
Right.
That security guy,
you said he talked to you
about kidnapping.
What kind of stuff did he say?
What if no one's
looking for us?
What if they don't even
realize that we're gone?
Sara, let's focus on
the questions we can answer,
build on what we know.
We don't know anything.
That's the problem.
We don't know who took us
or for how long we'll be here
or even where we are.
Okay.
Well, let's figure that out.
Let's figure out where we are.
Um...
Hear that?
Space under the floor.
So we're not in a basement.
And this is
a much older building,
based on how worn the floor is.
And there's the sound.
What sound?
Exactly.
No car honks,
no traffic noise.
Either this room
is seriously soundproof
or we're not in New York.
Looks like your hunch paid off.
Douglas Stevens.
He did a Nickel
as a getaway driver
for a bank robbery.
And guess who did time
with him.
None other than Roger Henson.
Do the prison records
show his blood type?
B-Negative.
Okay, I'm gonna put out
an a.P.B.
And alert all hospitals.
With the amount of blood
that he lost,
he's gonna need
medical treatment.
He might not need a hospital.
Douglas Stevens has a sister
who's a nurse.
Guess who called in sick today.
NYPD, open up!
What is this?
What are you people doing here?
We're here for your brother.
Doug? I haven't seen him
in weeks.
I don't know where he is.
Yeah, well, we're not
gonna take your word for it.
Hey, you can't just
Barge in here.
Actually, ma'am, we can.
NYPD!
Don't move.
Douglas Stevens,
you're under arrest.
The girls that you took,
where are they?
Where's your partner...
Roger Henson?
Who put the two of you
up to this?
I got nothing to say.
Well, then you're gonna
go down for all of it.
You were driving the van.
That's murder,
two counts of kidnapping.
Do you know how many years
you're gonna be in jail for?
It's in the triple digits.
Tell us where the girls are.
That's your only hope.
Let me know
when my ambulance gets here.
I'd like a minute with him.
I just said
I don't want to talk,
so you can't question me.
I have rights.
I'm not gonna say anything
without a lawyer.
I'm not a cop.
Then who are you?
You remember the girl
with the red hair?
I'm her father.
Please know
I will do whatever it takes
to get her back.
Those police outside
are my friends.
My daughter's friends, too.
So it's just you and me.
If you touch me,
I'll press charges.
I don't care.
Where are they?
I'm just a driver.
I-I don't know anything.
You know Henson ditched
the van for the black Yukon.
So where did he go?
Where did he take the girls?
I won't ask you again.
AAH!
Stop! Aah!
Aah!
The address Stevens gave you
is to a farm off route 301.
That's 60 Miles north
from here.
Agent Harris
and a tactical team
are heading to the location.
Already?
They should be arriving
at the farm any moment.
And what will they do then?
Whatever's necessary
to recover Alexis
and her friend.
But I'll let you know
the moment I have any news.
Thank you.
Do you want a coffee?
No, thanks.
My adrenaline will suffice.
Did you find out
who owns the farm?
Nobody. The property's
been tied up in Foreclosure
since 2009.
It's been sitting empty.
It's isolated.
Look, the FBI knows
what they're doing.
They're trained
in hostage rescue.
Alexis is in
the best possible hands.
I'm tapped into
State police dispatch.
The feds are on the scene
right now.
That's our s.U.V.
Okay, sooner or Later
someone will show up
to bring us more food,
and we need to be prepared.
So what did
that security guy tell you?
Avoid eye contact
with the captor
so they don't perceive
you to be a witness.
Good. What else?
Be vulnerable.
Try to let the captor
see you as human,
as someone they can relate to.
Try to build up trust,
build a relationship.
How are we supposed
to build a relationship
without eye contact?
That's a good question.
The minute she knows,
you'll know.
I just wish
that minute was now.
It's all happening too fast
and too slow at the same time.
Tell me what happened
with Douglas Stevens.
I appealed to his humanity.
I didn't think you had
that side to you.
When it comes to the people
I love, I do.
Put
the food tray under the door.
My name's Alexis.
This is Sara.
Put the food tray
under the door.
It's kind of cold in here.
Is there any way we could
get some more blankets?
What just happened?
That man on the radio,
he was speaking arabic.
He said, "return to your post.
We have visitors."
Go!
Go! Go! Go!
- Go! Go! Go!
- FBI! Hands up!
You know, I still remember...
When Alexis was born,
they handed me this...
tiny person, all bundled up.
She just...
Stared up at me.
And when I looked down at her,
this feeling hit me...
like I'd been struck
by lightning.
It was love.
That instant, inexplicable love
you can only feel
for your child.
In that moment, I knew.
I knew my life
Had changed forever.
And now it's about
to change again.
Gates.
Okay.
The farmhouse was empty.
Alexis and Sara are not there.
You're sure she's not
in the cellar
or some hidden room somewhere?
We searched top to bottom.
They're gone.
We did find these.
Either of 'em belong to Alexis?
Yeah, that one there.
That's... That's hers.
What does it mean that
her coat's here and she's not?
This must have been
a way station
until they moved
the girls someplace else.
They've been one step
ahead of us this whole time.
These people we're dealing with
are sophisticated.
There are web cams outside.
Our approach was streamed
to an anonymous I.P. Address.
That same I.P. Accessed
your daughter's web site.
And you can't trace it?
It was routed
across four continents.
We're not optimistic.
What about Roger Henson?
He was shot to death
after being tortured at length
by someone who knew
what they were doing.
His fingernails
were pulled off.
I don't understand.
Henson was working
for the kidnappers.
Why would they torture him?
I don't know.
Well, then what do you think?
What is your best guess as to
what this means for Alexis,
for the girls?
It means getting them back
may be
a little more complicated.
Were you crying in there?
I thought the running water
would cover it up.
We'll be all right, Sara.
I thought this was
all about the money.
But these people speak arabic.
My father is a hated man
back in Egypt.
We need to get out of here.
The only way out
is through that door,
and it's locked.
Hey, are those Bobby pins?
There are hopeful signs
here, Castle.
They've gone out of their way
not to harm the girls.
They want them alive.
That'll give us time
to track down
whoever's behind this.
How?
Our main suspect is dead,
the only thing Stevens Knew
was where the farmhouse is,
and...
we have no idea
who we're looking for.
The FBI is searching
the farm for evidence.
They're canvassing
the area for witnesses
that might have seen
whoever was on the property.
All of which is just
another way of saying
that we're back to square one.
Won't be the first time.
We're gonna solve this, Castle.
We will find a way.
"We've done it before
with less to go on."
You know who told me that?
I did...
in a fit
of irrational optimism.
Castle, go see your mom.
Get some rest.
Come back in the morning.
No one is giving up here.
No, I-I can't. I'm...
Here's a decaf.
It's for the road.
Thank you.
It's been hours now.
My dad taught me how to do this
when he was researching
for one of his books.
He actually bought a door
for us to practice on.
This was recently?
I was 10.
Oh, God.
I can do this.
One Bobby pin
is the torsion wrench,
the other is the lockpick.
I just need to be careful
not to apply too much pressure.
Did you just break the hairpin?
Because that's the last one.
No.
I got it.
Oh, my God.
What's out there?
A hallway.
Like in an office building.
I don't see anyone.
What if they catch us,
then what?
They want us alive.
Just remember that.
Here's the plan...
We head down the hall.
There has to be a way out.
If it looks like
there's two ways,
we split up
and double our chances
that one of us makes it out.
I think I'm gonna throw up.
You're not going to throw up.
You're going
to get out of here.
Okay.
Go.
No, no.
We talked about this. Go.
Are you expecting
someone to Skype you?
No.
Alexis.
Daddy? Oh, my God.
I tried to call 9-1-1
but it wouldn't go through.
Baby, are... Are you okay?
Where are you?
I don't know.
Oh, no.
The phone's about to die.
Um, I... We're... We're...
We're in some building.
We were locked in a room
but we got out.
Where? What building?
What's out...
What's outside the window?
Nothing. Nothing.
I can't see anything.
The windows are covered up.
They're coming.
They found out we're gone.
Baby, get out of there.
Get out of there now.
Go! Go!
Can you tell where
the call's coming from?
Tracking now.
This can't be right.
Why? What is it?
This says
that the call originated
from a cell tower
in Paris, France.
Help! Oh!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org